This is a smartthings device handler for the Xiaomi Aqara wall switches. Both  with and without neutral connection versions are covered, as well as the wireles switches. 
This version is an extensive revision of the previous version with some new features.
See at the bottom for the specific changes, including decoupled mode.
In particular it now has its own child DH rather than using the smartthings provided child switch DH.  I recommend updating this before updating the main DH.
It is based on work by @simic and @wastedabuser. 
In the 2 or 3 switch wired versions, only one of the switches is required to be connected to the live + switched wire.  
The other may be used as a soft switch.
The device will also give the temperature (in integer degrees).
The device responds to simple presses of the switch, to double presses and to press and hold.  

This version uses child switches to represent the 2nd and 3rd switches.

Several, so called, vid's are provided, which will be approriate for a wired swicth, an unwired switch, with or without battery.  
There's also a distinction between with and without neutral wirfed versions

Each switch action will generate a virtual button action as well as the hardware action, switching the wired switch off or on.
These be used in conjunction with (e.g.) Smart Lighting or ABC (Advanced Button Controller) to trigger other actions.
The swith presntation in the app also includes as stile from which certian actions can be set.
The DH can distingush between single button presses, doubkle presses and press and hold.
These will generate virtual button pushes (single, double or held) associated with the main DG (left hand switch) or the corresponding child DH (middle or right hand switch).

In addition presing both buttons on a double switch will generate a press of button 2 from the main DH.

In the case of an unwired switch I recommed using these buttons to toggle the state of the (e.g.) lamp, rather than the switch, as the trigger in Smart Lighting.
This helps to avoid the situation where the switch and the lamp get out of sync with each other.  
Pressing the switch will always change the state of the lamp, whether it is off or on.

Changes from the previous version:
1) This version has its own child DH, Aqara Wired Wall Switch Child
2) The wired/unwired state is set by a boolean preference in the main app, for the left hand or single switch, and in the child DH for the right or middle switches
3) For unwired switches the on/off state of the hardware is ingnored, it will always behave as a button.  
The formware has a setting to make this happen.  I have not used this as it makes it impossible to register double presses or held.
4) When the DH is open in the phone the button presses, etc, will appear on the screen for a moment.

The version from 17 March 2021 implements decoupled mode. In decoupled mode the button press and the actual electrical switch behave as if they are decoupled. 
Hence pressing the button sends a message to the hub that it has been pressed, but has no effect on the actual switch. The lamp doesn’t come on.
In this version there is an extra preference which is True or False for Decoupled or Coupled mode respectively. When set to false the behavuour should be as before.
In the DH presentation On/Off affects the electrical switch, whereas Momentary is like pressing the button.
Note that double press and hold are not guaranteed to work in decoupled mode.

The newest version adds support for various wireless switches.  Here the approriate 'vid' will be labelled button.
